vlog love by chrismore published by mary glass go magazines a division of scholastic limited
chapter one right to me
one day dry the eleventh fifteen thirty nine
i'm writing this vlog in the double deca internet cafe in london
the cafe is in a tall old red london bus next to my language school
i love it
it's very british
i'm from tokyo
but i'm living in the uk for three months
i'm learning english here
my name is junco
this is me
i've got black hair
dark eyes
glasses and a big smile
please write me at my blog
goodbye for today
zero messages
first day july the fourteenth
fifteen forty two
internet
i'm telling you about my life in england
because you are my only friend here
i'm living with mister and mrs lacy
mister lacy works in a cinema
mrs lacy is a police woman
they always ask me the same thing
how are you today
okay i answer
i asked about london but mister lacy says
let's talk this evening
i'm going to work now
goodbye junco have a good day
in the evenings i say hello to mister lacy
but he says i'm very very tired
a terrible day at the cinema
i'm going to bed now
good night
sometimes i feel very lonely
zero messages
juesday july the nineteenth fifteen fifty six
hello internet
you are not my only friend in england
in the street next to the internet cafe
a girl says to me
your japanese
i know your face from language school
i'm saunya
i'm from salavakya
what's your name
i'm junco
junco nagai
saunya has dark hair and green eyes and expensive jeans
i love japan she says
do you know japan i ask
i know japanese mobile phones
they're my favorite
we look at my mobile
that's cool i won't want to
have you got a boyfriend in england
which boys do you like in school
i like silvia
he's closer from sergio tachini
i like english boys too
they drive cool cars and they've got great mobile phones
have you got a car
my father's by me a pass out
but i want a Mercedes
zero messages
thursday july the twenty first
fifteen fifteen
fifty of us from school are in oxford
it's an hour from london on the train
oxford is famous because lots of students live here
saunya is very happy
oxford students have lots of money she says
but i'm not happy
saunya isn't talking to me today
she's always with silvia
silvios from italy
he has short dark hair exciting eyes and clothes from sergio tachini
his english is very bad
we go to some important buildings in oxford
but saunya doesn't look at the buildings
she only looks at silvia and silvia only looks at her
they don't want me there with them
i'm writing this in an internet cafe in oxford
are saunya and silvia in love
what can i say to them on the train to london
zero messages
saturday july the twenty third
ten forty six
it's saturday morning
saunya is shopping in oxford street with silvia
not with me
the laces are working
saturday is a big day at the cinema
and at the police station
there are only two people in the double-decker internet cafe
me and the owner
and thirty computers
the owner's name is jeff
he's old
maybe twenty five
he has brown hair and blue eyes
maybe he reads this blog
he asks me
do you like my cafe
very very much i say
he smiles and touches my hand
zero messages
chapter two
slow or fast
thursday july the twenty eighth fifteen forty one
jeff is watching me a lot today
i look up and he smiles at me
i look back at my computer
i look up again
again jeff is looking at me
does he like me
maybe we can be friends
oh oh oh
i've got a message on my blog
it's from slowboy
thank you slowboy
one message
thursday july the twenty eighth
ten eighteen
hello japanese junko
i like reading your blog
i'm learning japanese in tokyo
i'm in japan for six months
i've got one or two friends here
but their new friends
not my old friends back in london
i like japan
but sometimes i feel lonely too
right to me
i'm waiting for a message from you
don't be sad slowboy
we can be blocked friends
we can laugh about our problems
tuesday august the second fifteen thirty nine
in the school cafe
sonya is looking at undress is mobile
that's a cool mobile she says
he answers i'm buying suzuki motorbike too
i have the money
sonya looks into undress his eyes and smiles
do you like my new green t-shirt
it's from top shop in oxford street
it's the color of your eyes sonya
do you like my jeans
yes and i like the person in the jeans too
they're from gap she smiles
where's sylvia
he's looking at sonya
but sonya isn't looking at him
maybe she isn't in love with him today
one message
tuesday august the second ten twenty
there's a girl here in tokyo
we take the same bus every day
but she's very shy
how can i be friends with her
be very polite slowboy
open the door of the bus for her
japanese girls like polite boys
friday august the fifth fifteen forty four
sylvia is very quiet at school today
he's sad because of sonya
she sits next to andress now
andress' family has lots of money
andress and sylvia and sonya never talk to me
but i'm not sad
i've got a blog friend
in the internet cafe there's a hand on my back
i look up
it's jeff the owner
i go to a different window on the computer
he can't see my blog now
do you want a drink baby
okay
let's go to the west end on my motorbike
how can i say no
jeff is my first friend in england
motorbike now i say
honda japanese
quiet and no problems come on
we go down the street very fast
next to the language school sonya and andress are talking
they see me and smile
jeff says friends
maybe i don't know i answer
i see let's go back
we can say hello to them
can i go home now
okay baby no problem
zero messages
monday august the eighth fifteen forty
who's the boy junko
sonya smiles at me
he's got a great motorbike
his name's jeff
a honda andress says
not bad
but i'm buying suzuki six hundred
it's expensive and fast
how do you know jeff sonya asks
he's a
a friend i answer
oh sonya and andress say
sylvia is listening but he doesn't smile
he's always sad now because of sonya
he opens the door for me
thank you i say
my face is red
sonya sits next to me
we are friends again
we talk about jeff and andress
boys and motorbikes are the same she says
some are exciting
some are slow
two messages
saturday august the sixth
eleven twenty one
the girl on the bus is very shy
her face is always red
she likes you slow boy
ask her to a cafe
monday august the eighth
six oh four
i'm coming back to england soon jonco
let's meet in london
okay great
chapter three
slow boy in london
thursday august the eleventh fifteen forty seven
hi jonco
hi jeff
come and talk to me
first i want to
what do you do on the computers
i'll write emails to my family in japan
your family cool
jeff likes touching my hand
he isn't shy
come to a party with me jonco
see you here at eight thirty on saturday okay
how can i say no
it's not polite
okay i say
great
i love girls with glasses
zero messages
friday august the twelfth eighteen nineteen
silvio says jonco
i'm going to a cafe with petra and david from school
can you come with us
yes great
thank you
it's fun with silvio and petra and david
we talk about cinema and sport
i'm bad at sport and silvio is too
but he's clever and polite
he asks me to the cinema on saturday night with petra and david
but i say
i'm going to a party
he says with who
you don't know him
is it jeff
how do you know about jeff
from you
me
oh
i can go to the cinema and the party
say no to the party jonco
come with us
how does silvio know about jeff internet
zero messages
monday august the fifteen
fifteen thirty eight
on saturday night jeff and i go to the party on his motorbike
there are two hundred people in a small room
they are dancing and drinking
give me a jacket jonco
it's hot in here
let's have a drink
jeff is dancing
he takes my hand
i dance too
but i don't like dancing
i feel very hot
it's twelve forty five
very late
jeff says
give me a kiss baby for fun
i can't
i i i don't know the words for
words a kiss baby not words
he kisses me
i ran into the next room
then i remember
sonya's number is on my mobile
sonya help me
i'm at a party i can't get home
i haven't got a car
i'm in
where are we
i ask a girl
belgravia drive in canton
we are at belgravia drive in canton sonya
come and find me please
okay i love parties jonco
see you soon
today in school sonya says
great party jonco
i like jeff
andris is nice and he's got lots of money
but jeff is different
he's got no money now
but he's opening a second internet cafe
i've got his mobile number
yes yes i say
but i feel sad
i can only go to the internet cafe at lunch time now
jeff isn't there at lunch
two messages
monday
august the 15th
i'm in london
let's meet tomorrow at the internet cafe
at the internet cafe
i don't know
monday
august the 15th
but lunch time is okay
we can meet at one o'clock
okay
at one o'clock
jeff isn't in the cafe at lunch time
you always remember my problem slowboy
Tuesday august the 16th 1245
in fifteen minutes
slowboy is arriving
jeff comes into the cafe and sits at his computer
it's lunch time
why is he here
i put my head down
please don't see me jeff
bing
a new message on my blog
it's from slowboy
four messages
Tuesday
august the 16th 1251
hello junko
i'm here in the cafe
in the cafe
but there are ten boys in the cafe
which of them is you slowboy
which do you think
have you got dark hair
you know me junko
i don't live in toco
that's only a story
i live in london
a story
i know you
you mean
yes
that's right
you like computers
i like computers
i look up
jeff is watching me
oh no
he smiles and gets up
slowboy is jeff
then one of the boys at the computers gets up too
it's silvio
he smiles
my face is red
hello junko says silvio
hello junko says jeff
help me internet
which is slowboy